hey i wanted to show you today how
I apply pigment mixing solution
by posting a photo at instagram
and i dont know i wanted on everyone
case again show
I have the kiko mixing solution here
then a pigment report from mac that
I've been in the sample size, the
I order both body meets I can
link the video and I will
take the brush help that is de 55
I always do it this way
pigments I like that very well
a little bit of holes are in there then
I believe that a few times out with it
a bit of pigment comes out and then
if I do that then you have one
because there is something inside with the brush
go super pure I take my mixing
solution so generally I do always there
a little something on my hand from
small drops
Unfortunately, I can not do it differently
and as another page here
a bit pure makes the nas actual
into the pigment and then I would
to pack that from eyelid what is that and
if that is not enough wet
then you have then in the morning on the hand
make the brush gauge the same
again moisten page so and then
go over it again or new segment
I was actually one
pretty intense result and if you can
that would do in other brush now
or with your finger looks bad
you will not be such a result
You get a brush at the time
even less on it I show you
the whole time now a shadow of the
left here that is from douglas one
on the right is the style file of the douglas
is in the color time to go the 20 and
they are already quite similar to those
Both shimmer pretty much, I think
Douglas is a bit lucky for you
The carrier is sometimes crumbled
I have the new pressed
at the instagram picture what I did
I had them stalker
and is really great came out
I'll show you this one here
douglas and that if you like that
So you do not really see it that way
much of it
then he looks like this is probably
not even so many of the last
maybe that's how I'll take it back here
We take the mixing solution on it
now the other side of mine
Brush for the s is unused
actually still dry
I first go into the eyeshadow
and then I go to the mixing solution
and then i would put that on my song
apply
I hope you see that now
a bit more intense what we are about
maybe with brush again and maybe
then over it again
I mostly do not use wet brushes
so like to go into the files again because
if the brush is really wet then
the eyeshadow will be so funny but me
hope you can see that now that
that is the total difference I am
believe the eyeshadow here is also
he is for effects you still do
So not alone to apply
I'll just show it to you now
times the style eyeshadow
I have a brush here now
so a bit diversified
minimal only wet again the meeting
solution on it first go into the
eyeshadow if the brush is still on
very little what should be he is yes
a bit wet you can see that too
already here after donation tried that
measure how to do so on the edge
so and not over a large area then
to take on
I'll go into the mixing solution for a moment
and there is the lead already it is still possible
times just over it is recommended
I now also with the pigments
then a second time over it
because that's the first shift if
that is still wet then that is not so
intense and if you then again
someone or liter takes up again
it always looks over it
more intense from the whole now again
what that would look like
just so i hope you can do that too
see a little difference
of course I have the wipe test
i made the style a bit
let it dry
and that was wiped off and you can tell
definitely with the mixing solution
it really stays that way longer
It's not so easy to get rid of
as without the field but then everything
a little more
And the advantage is with this mixing
Solution that the pigment is not everywhere
flies around and really intense
of course I have that too
Just do it with this acker
spray from rival de loop there you linked
synonymous videos synonymous times I have synonymous
once made that actually goes well
very good why does not need that
necessarily the mixing solution
However, it has only for euro
costs or sauce or five I mean
I took it with me and tried it
a try if someone at home you
I hope the video was
reasonably helpful tasted for you
Just a little bit out and me
hope you turn off and not even there
pure her